for those of you who are curious about
truffles what they look like how they
taste and how to handle them here's a
quick overview truffles are a type of
mushroom that growth in the root
structure of trees there are actually
over 70 varieties of truffles but the
most sought-after varieties include
summer truffles burgundy truffles white
winter truffles and black winter
truffles also known as Perigord truffles
these are burgundy truffles burgundy
truffles usually reach maturity and mid
to late September and the season extends
through mid November when ripe burgundy
truffles have a chocolate brown interior
with ivory veiny the exterior looks
almost identical to summer truffle
bearing a black rough surface form of
small pyramid-like shapes these truffles
have a delicate but distinctive hazelnut
flavor and an intense musky flowery
aroma burgundy truffles are more
flavorful and aromatic than summer
truffles but not as robust in flavor as
Perigord winter truffles burgundy
truffles are used similarly to summer
truffles they are best served raw or
lightly cooked and are usually presented
in thin slices the truffles can be
sliced with the mandolin or a truffle
shaver like this or simply with a sharp
knife use burgundy truffles in salads
with eggs potatoes risotto or pasta
burgundy truffles have wonderful flavor
to cream or stock based sauces but
should be cooked only briefly on low
heat truffle should be stored in an
airtight container wrapped in a paper
towel to absorb the moisture the towel
should be changed every day or as needed
to keep
chuckles dry for more information about
truffles truffles recipes or to buy
truffles online please visit our website
WWE USA calm